Remove error troubleshooting sections (#9174)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/triggers-overview.adoc

. Select **Run Pipeline** and you will see your new pipeline running in the web app.

> NOTE: You may need to Authorize the connection to your GitHub account to continue, if you haven't yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If your GitHub user account connection to CircleCI is not yet authorized, you will need to select btn:[Authorize] in the trigger pipeline modal to connect and continue.
```

> // @Rosie, is it worth adding an image here?

Author: @rosieyohannan not sure about this. 
Screenshot here: https://circleci.atlassian.net/browse/LIFE-1123?focusedCommentId=376931

Reviewer: I actually think this is fine without the screenshot
